{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Memory Game Project\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone The project is a memory game based on matching paired symbols by turning over cards. \
\
The project was created and relies heavily on HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery. \
\
The JavaScript code was broken down to include pre-initialized variables, arrays and small functions to help make the code more readable. All the HTML, CSS and JavaScript contained descriptive class, ID, variables and array names. \
\
The game will start with a modal window asking the player to begin the game and explaining how to play the game. \
\
Once they click \'91start game\'92 the timer will start immediately and will stop once the game was finished. \
\
During gameplay the star rating and move count is tracked. A move count is defined as turning over 2 cards and not 1. The star ratings are based on how many moves the player uses to complete the game. \
\
The game will be marked as finished once the all cards have been matched to their corresponding symbol which then displays another modal window with the game statistics. \
\
In this modal window the player is then offered another game. \
\
\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\
}